[Music]
Clers, Juan Warnison's new illusion
.  What happened to Clar?  Well,
what happened to Claire is that she
had to retire a whopping amount.  It
happened to you a bit with Ma Fran, didn't it?  That she has
been very overwhelmed because Ari
Gameplay with his insults has
generated some hate and then Clire
has become overwhelmed, she has become very overwhelmed and
has withdrawn from the networks.  Okay, actually the
guy tells it here on the southern limit and he moves
away.  Okay,
official announcement, I'm going to stop uploading videos
for a few days.  Everything has gone much further than
the official communication.  I'm going to stop
uploading videos for a few days, guys.  I'm a
little stressed, to be honest.  Yesterday I cried and
look how strong I am.  Yesterday I cried,
even though I am very strong.  But well,
when you have so many people telling you
so many things, I wasn't used to it.
My prof propers have always been very
healthy.  I'm looking forward to my
comments becoming a
fun place again, not what they are now.   It
pisses me off because I love telling my
life story, but not like this.  And it's never been like this
and now I want it to end.  I
mean, I thought we were all best
friends.  It's always been that way in my
community, but hey, we're not
all best friends now and kiss, kiss, handsome
bad things.  So since I'm still
a person and not a hologram, I'm going to take
a little break.  Well, then he's
rested a bit, specifically a
whopping two days, okay?  After
two days of rest, after two
days without uploading a video, well, Clers is
back and there's an announcement.  I'm back, okay?   I
know I'm the worst in the world, okay?
And I only lasted two days, but I
just couldn't take it anymore.  So, Javi, you don't like
the girl.  I know her, I mean, I don't know
if I like her or not, I really don't
know myself, but so far what I've
seen seems like a red flag, I mean, she
has, well, she seems like a walking red
flag to me.  I was going to say, no, no, it doesn't
have any flash network, it doesn't seem like a
flagh network to me, but come on, I mean, eh, I
like Harry Gameplays for Juan more
than this girl.  I say it openly, I do not
hide.  Javi, I'm glad you have
your Twitch, I'm happy for you and I hope
life goes well for you and I liked your
Desape video.  I'm glad, I'm glad, I'm
glad.  Yes, the truth is that when I saw
the SAP statements this morning,
when I woke up, and I also had a
message from SAP for something else, I didn't
expect that he was going to answer that and
that he was going to tell these things and I said,
"It's better to do this in the main page,
man, because when things like this are
serious, I mean, I forgive you, Clers, I
forgive you everything."  Nothing, n, but you guys are
very nonstop.  When things like that happen, I
should deal with them in the main channel, and when
they're more banal, maybe I'll react
here, because what happens is that many
times I react here in the salsería and
not as many people see it as in the
main channel because it seems like just another extract
from a live show and such, right?  Listen to me,
the other day I posted a couple of clips that
by the way, since we posted the
two clips here, the two clips have gone
viral, right?  Everywhere.
Well, they've looked for the originals and they've
gone viral, but hey, they're two
clicks, they seem pretty strong to me,
right?  One in which he's already telling
Juan that he finds it toxic to tell your
partner not to upload photos of your body,
considering what Juan has been through with that, right?
And then the issue of what Wizard wants and
then the issue of the horns, right?  It
was a bit of a go suck it, I'm not going to
post that shitty picture.  And then there's the
issue of the horns, right? Which
can be forgiven if they're photos.  a kiss
that if you can eat
someone's mouth one night, well, yes, things between
friends, right?  And now here I
see another refl, I see another reflag,
okay?  Because he's uploading
TikToks where he doesn't say anything because he
's just seeing the impact it's
having.  I see it that way, of
course.  To think that I've been
uploading six videos a day for a year and a half and now
suddenly nothing.  On top of that, yesterday I wore a
blue dress and I looked very pretty and no, I did
n't upload anything and I felt really bad about not letting you all
see me in that blue dress.  Well,
thank you so much to all the people who have
supported me. I mean, you've made a
huge flop flip flopper front and you've
written me a lot saying that you missed me
so much, and that's why I came back,
because I didn't feel so bad
doing that.  Those must have been the
most boring two days ever.
Surely this date will be marked
as the end in which Cles was not there
and it will be like when the whole issue of
Jesus Christ and then mine were of
equal importance.  So, nothing, I
owe you like 12 videos and we're back.  No, they will
not defeat us.  Look, they beat us a
little, but that's it.  It was a silly two days
.  I even bought an outfit
to return to society.  I woke up
at 6:30 in the morning because I couldn't
stand it any longer without uploading a video and I'm
in Mexico.  So, the hours
go like this.  I am in the past.  You
are in the future.  Spain.  We're back
to
normal now.  And Tommy says, "Pass the
Instagram."  Yo, Tommy, you really
are a zimpardo, man.  Hey, 18 out of 50. 18
out of 50. We'll get there today even if it's a
challenge.  Asked.  Happy
Monday.  Thank you.  I mean, literally,
literally, what am I telling you?  Look, I go
off the internet and I get to 2 million.  What does it
mean?  If I leave forever, I'll
reach 10. What do you think about
this?  What do you think about this?  It
looks like a red flag to me.  It looks like
a red flag to me, really.  I mean, you're going away for
two days because you're so excited that
Ari's hitting on me
, right?  Because in the end that was the
message, right?  And it turns out you celebrate the
followers you've gained, right?  I mean,
I don't know, at least don't
make any comments about
the followers you're gaining, right?
And for me, well, I don't know what to
tell you.  I don't know, these things
seem very blatant to me.  It's like
when Gemita and Auron had it, you know?
For example, when I see Auron
and the new girl, it seems
more organic to me, I mean, I don't know,
I see this girl as more natural.  Well, yes,
the photos with him appear, but I know that's how
Auro likes him too, right?  Get on,
but it's not the same as Gemita.
I thought Gemita was more interested in
sharing posts.  Gemita 2.0.   Ha ha ha.
What is Red Flash?  Tesa says.
Can you explain to Tesa?  I think
this is all your fault.  You brought it out.
Well, it's not between me and Ari Gameplay.
Can you explain to Tesa what a
refla is?  Tesa, refla is a
spray that you use when your
kidneys hurt.  Well, the kidneys when
you have muscle pain, when you
twist your ankle while taking the dog out and
such, you take a reflá like this and it
relieves you, I suppose.  I don't know if it works very
well, but it does relieve you.  You've never
had it.  He's never thrown it at you.
[Music]